# Crypto-App
A Python Script That Encrypts and Decrypts Files and Folders
As data continues to become more and more important in our everyday life, the need to protect data from unauthorized access and mismanagement cannot be overemphasized. Important data falling into the wrong hands can implode into irredeemable privacy breaches for both individuals and organizations. To this end, this report covers the design of a cryptographic application using one of the most widely used algorithms, RSA (Rivest-Shamir-Adleman). RSA is a public-key encryption algorithm that is used to secure sensitive information such as financial transactions, personal information, and other sensitive data. It uses two keys, one for encryption and one for decryption, and it is one of the most secure methods of encryption currently available. 
However, because this application saves the private key to the local machine, a combination of RSA and Amazon Web Services (AWS) Key Management Service (KMS) has been introduced to provide an added layer of security for sensitive data that will be encrypted using the proposed application.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Key Management Service (KMS) is a managed service that makes it easy to create and control encryption keys used to encrypt data. AWS KMS allows users to create, rotate, disable and delete encryption keys, as well as audit and control access to these keys.
This report will highlight the application design features which includes file and folder encryption and decryption as well as expand on the components and implantation of the application. It will further shine lights on the critical security analysis, developing an attack model based on the purposely introduced vulnerability as well as other potential attacks.
Future improvements in the terms of including file hashing as well as making sure sensitive data is not stored as plaintext within the application lines of code is expanded on ensuring that users of the application are confident that their data is encrypted in accordance to modern standards.  
